finally I finished my defense Hey so not
do you think my evil plan is evil enough
I don't understand anything when it's
pretty easy my first victim of revenge
is I see I can't believe we were up for
elimination
yeah that's so sad
no ice cream is dead and now our team
only has two members and soon I only
have one member cuz we're up for
elimination I think I have a solution
really sharpener yeah you just have to
put ice cream in a freezer but I don't
have a freezer I have a freeze right
here
I scream are you okay what what happen
you are dead Oh mayor just randomly fell
down and killed you but thanks to sharp
in a freezer
you're alive again but we may have left
you in a bit too long ah finally we're
back
we are almost to the elimination area
yes
and finally camera will go home
Pejic so why we following came down well
last time we become second in the
challenge so you have to do 100 pushups
while team fishers are doing 100 pushups
I'm going to start the elimination so
team fishers get crackin
elimination elimination elimination time
and someone's going home I will be so
team gun team lucky lost a challenge in
the last episode set her up for
elimination
the prices for today are bricks and you
wanted to drop dead at us yeah anyways
we got 113 votes which is a little more
than last time
dice as usual you got the least amount
of all 2021 votes against you you're
safe ice cream on camera you are the
final two one of you will be eliminated
and be sent to the moon let's reveal the
results camera you are safe for 38 votes
and ice cream you're eliminated with 54
votes I don't know if I should be happy
or sad that was eliminated why since I'm
eliminated don't get hit by a brick
right yes
what's your bin to get hit by a giant
bowling ball oh no I forgot that what
happened
I'm safe it seems there was a problem
with the bowling ball and it hits camera
instead of you but whatever I can't undo
camera get hit so I scream you're safe
yay now it's time for the challenge I
will is the challenge
the next challenge is bingo but it's a
little different from the original bingo
but firstly I'm going to transport
everyone to the bingo room